IMARC Group, a leading market research company, has recently releases report titled “Kosher Food Market: Global Industry Trends, Share, Size, Growth, Opportunity and Forecast 2023-2028”, The study provides a detailed analysis of the industry, including the global kosher food market share, size, trends, and growth forecasts. The report also includes competitor and regional analysis and highlights the latest advancements in the market.

Report Highlights

How big is the kosher food market?

The global kosher food market size reached US$ 20.6 Billion in 2022. Looking forward, IMARC Group expects the market to reach US$ 25.8 Billion by 2028, exhibiting a growth rate (CAGR) of 3.69% during 2023-2028.

What is kosher food?

Kosher food refers to food products and dietary practices that adhere to the dietary laws of Kashrut, which are the Jewish dietary laws and regulations outlined in the Torah, the holy book of Judaism. These laws dictate what foods are permissible (kosher) and what foods are forbidden (non-kosher or treif) for Jewish consumption. Some key aspects of kosher food include separating meat and dairy products, the ritual slaughter of animals (shechita) by a trained Jewish butcher, and strict rules regarding food preparation and ingredients. Kosher certification ensures that a food product complies with these dietary laws and is suitable for consumption by observant Jews. While originally a religious practice, kosher certification is also sought by many consumers who associate it with quality and purity in food products. At present, kosher food is gaining immense traction across the globe among consumers seeking dietary transparency, quality assurance, and adherence to specific religious or cultural dietary requirements.

Request for a sample copy of this report: https://www.imarcgroup.com/kosher-food-market/requestsample

What are the growth prospects and trends in the kosher food industry?

The global kosher food market is primarily driven by the escalating demand for kosher-certified products beyond Jewish communities due to the increasing awareness of dietary choices, food safety, and religious preferences, as consumers perceive kosher certification as a mark of quality and safety. Moreover, the rising accessibility of kosher products owing to rapid globalization and expanding international trade is another major growth-inducing factor. Additionally, the growing number of health-conscious consumers seeking transparency in food ingredients has accelerated the adoption of kosher foods due to their stringent manufacturing standards. Furthermore, rising efforts of kosher food manufacturers in innovating and expanding their product offerings to cater to diverse tastes and dietary requirements are contributing to market growth.

What is included in market segmentation?

The report has segmented the market into the following categories:

Breakup by Type:

Buckwheat
Seafood
Lamb
Pulses
Others

Breakup by Application:

Culinary Products
Snacks and Savory
Bakery and Confectionery Products
Meat
Beverages
Dietary Supplements

Breakup by Distribution Channel:

Supermarkets and Hypermarkets
Grocery Stores
Online Stores

Breakup by Region:

North America (U.S. & Canada)
Europe (Germany, United Kingdom, France, Italy, Spain, Russia, and Others)
Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, Australia, and Others)
Latin America (Brazil, Mexico)
Middle East & Africa
Who are the key players operating in the industry?

The report covers the major market players including:

Blommer Chocolate Company (Fuji Oil Co. Ltd)
Bob’s Red Mill Natural Foods
Cargill Incorporated
Conagra Brands Inc.
Dairy Farmers of America Inc.
Empire Kosher Poultry LLC (The Hain Celestial Group Inc.)
General Mills Inc.
Kellogg's Company
Nestlé S.A.
PepsiCo Inc
The Kraft Heinz Company

Note: If you require any specific information that is not covered currently within the scope of the report, we will provide the same as a part of the customization.

About Us

IMARC Group is a leading market research company that offers management strategy and market research worldwide. We partner with clients in all sectors and regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their businesses.

IMARC Group’s information products include major market, scientific, economic and technological developments for business leaders in pharmaceutical, industrial, and high technology organizations. Market forecasts and industry analysis for biotechnology, advanced materials, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, travel and tourism, nanotechnology and novel processing methods are at the top of the company’s expertise.

Contact US

IMARC Group

134 N 4th St. Brooklyn, NY 11249, USA

USA: +1-631-791-1145 | Asia: +91-120-433-0800

Email: sales@imarcgroup.com

Follow us on Twitter: @imarcglobal
